---
year: 2015
slugID: 3
layout: post
title: "SNAP-Benguet Bags Environmental Agency's 'Seal of Approval'"
date:   2015-02-21 
cover: "https://res.cloudinary.com/snapcloud/image/upload/news/2015/2015-3-snap.jpg"

---
The SNAP-Benguet team, represented by CFO Eleanor Blomdahl, CTO Kjell Valdal, AVP & Plant Manager Manny Lopez, Safety Manager Hollis Fernandez,  Safety Officers Jess Palma and Cliff Dailay, Environtal Officer KT Teodoro, and Nurse/Health Officer Jason Paneda, receive the award from DENR Undersecretary Atty. Jonas Leones and PEPP head Consolacion Crisostomo.


Ambuklao and Binga Hydroelectric Power Plants owned and operated by SN Aboitiz Power-Benguet, Inc. (SNAP-Benguet) received the "Official Seal of Approval" for consistent environmental excellence from the Department of Environment and Natural Resources.


The citation was given under Track 1 of DENR's Philippine Environment Partnership Program, which "aimed to support industry self-regulation towards improved environmental performance." Companies awarded under Track 1 are those that perform "beyond compliance and driven by competitiveness, image and supply chain requirements to improve performance."


Companies that vied for the citation were evaluated based on zero cases filed with the Pollution Adjudication Board for three years prior to the date of application, full compliance with applicable environmental laws, rules and regulations and proven record of superior environmental performance.


The awarding ceremony was held on February 18, 2015 in Quezon City and was led by DENR Undersecretary Atty. Jonas R. Leones who is concurrently the director of attached agency Environmental Management Bureau. Representing SNAP-Benguet in the ceremony were Chief Finance Officer Eleanor Blomdahl, Chief Technology Officer Kjell Valdal, Plant Manager Emmanuel Lopez, Plant Safety Manager Hollis Fernandez, Safety Officers Jess Palma and Cliff Dailay, Environmental Officer Katrina Teodoro, and Nurse/Health Officer Jason Paneda.


Both Ambuklao and Binga Hydroelectric Power Plants have ISO-certified environmental management systems (ISO 14001) and are implementing environmental projects under the Corporate Social Responsibility program.


This citation means a lot to our team. We are proud to be part of an organization that goes beyond compliance in environmental performance," said SNAP-Benguet Plant Manager Emmanuel Lopez.


Aside from the hydropower firm, other awardees under Track 1 were Nestle Philippines, Inc. (Tanauan Plant), Wyeth Philippines, Inc., Petron Corporation (Ormoc & Tacloban Depots), and Energy Development Corporation (Green Core Geothermal & Mt. Apo Geothermal projects).


SNAP-Benguet owns and operates the 105-megawatt Ambuklao Hydroelectric Power Plant (HEPP) in Bokod and the 125-MW Binga HEPP in Itogon. It is a joint venture between SN Power of Norway and AboitizPower. # 