---
slugID: 1
layout: post
title: "SNAP-Magat Supports Maternal & Child Care in Lagawe"
date:   2015-02-04 
cover: "https://res.cloudinary.com/snapcloud/image/upload/news/2015/2015-1-snap.jpg"

---
From L-R: SNAP’s Sr. Manager for Social Development & Community Relations Vitti Valenzuela, Brgy. Chairman Edwin Dulnuan, RHU Head Dr. Joyce Bentres, SB Member Vilma Alcayna, and Municipal Administrator Marcelo Banhan


Mothers and infants in Barangay Dulao can hope for better maternal and child care assistance from its local government unit with birthing medical equipment and medicines donated by SN Aboitiz Power-Magat (SNAP-Magat).


The ceremony was held last January 29, 2015 at the barangay community center. It was attended by Municipal Administrator Marcelo Banhan, Barangay Chairman Edwin Dulnuan and SN Aboitiz Power Group representatives Vitti Valenzuela, Sr. Manager for Social Development & Community Relations and Veronica Adsuara, Community Relations Supervisor.  


The barangay’s health station does not have a birthing facility and the nearest birthing clinic is a far distance from the barangay. This forces pregnant women to give birth at home, which can increase the risk of complications for both the mother and the child especially if those providing care are not familiar with proper methods. The project hopes to contribute to natal care improvement in the community.


In her message, Ms. Valenzuela highlighted the importance of maternal and child health in today’s Millennium Development Goals. The heads of the LGUs also expressed their gratitude while Dr. Joyce Bentres of the Rural Health Unit acknowledged SNAP as a partner "who responds to the needs of their host communities." Municipal Administrator Marcelo Banhan asked the BLGU officials to take the responsibility for the medical equipment and Barangay Chairman Edwin Dulnuan gave his assurance that the equipment will be used properly for their health initiatives.


SNAP-Magat is a joint venture of SN Power of Norway and AboitizPower. It owns and operates the 360-megawatt Magat Hydroelectric Power Plant located at the border of Isabela and Ifugao. #
