---
slugID: 6
layout: post
title: "SNAP Welcomes 2015 School Year with Brigada Eskwela"
date:   2015-05-27 

---
Three host schools from Ifugao and Isabela received volunteer services from SN Aboitiz Power Group for the annual Brigada Eskwela (School Brigade) to help school children enjoy brighter and cleaner classrooms this June.


On May 21, SNAP-Magat volunteers led by Plant Manager/Asst. Vice President Willy Ferrer trooped to Sto. Domingo Elementary School (Annex) in Alfonso Lista, Ifugao. Working with parents, teachers, barangay officials, and community members, they cleaned school surroundings and painted classroom walls, blackboards, and the school roof. Cleaning and painting materials were also donated.  


SNAP-Magat Safety, Health, Environment, Security & Quality Manager Eliseo Ingles led Brigada volunteers in Gen. Aguinaldo Elementary School in Ramon, Isabela on May 22, which was also declared by the Isabela provincial government as Brigada Eskwela Day. Volunteer employees painted walls of the Grade 1 classroom, repainted blackboards and repaired armchairs.  SNAP-Magat volunteers were organized by Community Relations Sr. Supervisor Veronica Adsuara.


SNAP's Greenfield Development Team also participated in the week-long similar activity with the clean-up of Olilicon Elementary School in Lagawe, Ifugao on May 21. Community Relations Manager Vency Bulayungan headed the team composed of community relation officers. Barangay Captain Fernando Tuguinay thanked the team for their presence as well as for the donated materials that will be needed for school maintenance.


The activities would benefit 750 students in Gen. Aguinaldo, 115 students in Sto. Domingo, and 110 students in Olilicon.


SNAP-Magat is a joint venture between SN Power of Norway and AboitizPower. It owns and operates the 360-megawatt Magat Hydroelectric Power Plant at the border of Isabela and Ifugao. #
