---
slugID: 10
layout: post
title: "MLGU-Ramon Receives Funds for Education Projects "
date:   2015-09-30 
cover: "https://res.cloudinary.com/snapcloud/image/upload/news/2015/2015-10-snap.jpg"

---
Representatives from MLGU-Ramon receive CSR fund donation from SNAP-Magat AVP and Plant Manager Willy Ferrer. 


Two education projects were turned over by SNAP-Magat to MLGU-Ramon on September 15.  The ceremony and signing of Memoranda of Agreement for both projects were held at the Mayor’s Office Conference Hall.


SNAP-Magat’s funding will go to the Centralized Community Based Skills Training (CCBST) program, specifically tools, instruction equipment and fees of students who are mostly out-of-school youths, persons with disabilities & indigent women.


The other project is the renovation of the San Sebastian Community Center. It stands to benefit 400 households in the barangay, 750 students and 30 teachers who use this as venue for community gatherings & evacuation center in times of emergencies. This CSR-funded project is in partnership with MLGU-Ramon, office of the Congressman of the 4th District Isabela, and BLGU-San Sebastian. 


Attending for the LGU were Ramon Mayor Wilfredo Tabag, Vice Mayor Dennis Jon Dela Cruz, Sangguniang Bayan Members, as well as students & instructors of the training center. SNAP-Magat was represented by AVP and Plant Manager Willy Ferrer & Senior Supervisor for Community Relations, Ness Adsuara. 


In her message, SB Member and Committee Chair for Education Felisa Dalupang recognized the CCBST as the best education program in their region. Last year, MLGU-Ramon already received 1500 bags of cement from the company for the ongoing implementation of the training center construction. 


These two projects, funded by SNAP-Magat’s CSR program, demonstrate the company’s continuous support to the development of its host communities.


SNAP-Magat is a joint venture between SN Power and AboitizPower. It owns and operates the 360-megawatt Magat Hydroelectric Power Plant at the border of Isabela and Ifugao.#
