---
slugID: 14
layout: post
title: "SNAP Group Spreads Holiday Cheer"
date:   2015-12-23 
cover: "https://res.cloudinary.com/snapcloud/image/upload/news/default-news.jpg"

---
SNAP executives Landoy Zamora, Manny Lopez, Sonny Cambri, and Eleanor Blomdahl lead the gift-giving activity in Ambuklao Elementary School in Bokod, Benguet.


SN Aboitiz Power Group’s management team led the company’s annual gift-giving activities on December 9 and December 11 in two host schools in Magat and Benguet.


In Magat, 17 employee volunteers gave out 330 hygiene packs to grade school students from Sto. Domingo Elementary School in Alfonso Lista, Ifugao. In her opening remarks, SNAP’s Chief Finance Officer Eleanor Blomdahl said, “Every year since 2007, SNAP holds this gift-giving for host schools. It is a way of living the Christmas spirit – which is not in receiving but in giving. It is also SNAP’s way of encouraging volunteerism among our employees – taking time out from their busy schedules to bring smiles to the children of our host communities.” 


SNAP-Magat AVP and Plant Manager Willy Ferrer followed with a short story on good hygiene practices for kids. Principal Estella Aliguyon expressed her gratitude, noting SNAP’s role as a partner in the development and improvement of the school and its students. The school also gave coffee mugs to the SNAP officers present at the gift-giving activity.


In Ambuklao Elementary School in Bokod, Benguet, SNAP distributed hygiene packs to 119 students, led by CFO Eleanor Blomdahl and SNAP-Benguet AVP and Plant Manager Manny Lopez. The students, ranging from kinder to Grade 6, were entertained by the short story told by Plant Support Services Manager Rose White. 


Other members of SNAP’s executive team also joined the activity: Chief Technology Officer Kjell Valdal, Chief Market Officer Sonny Cambri and AVP for HR Landoy Zamora. SN Power Philippines Country Director Tor Stokke also joined the Magat leg of the activity. 


In the municipality of Kiangan, Ifugao, SNAP-Magat Sr. Manager for Operations Ed Bundalian led a group of volunteers in giving out slippers to 65 students in Alimit Elementary School on December 19. The ‘tsinelas’ outreach is an employee-driven activity that started last year, in which employees donate slippers and school items to a chosen school. This year, in addition to slippers, students received backpacks. 


SNAP Group is a joint venture between SN Power and AboitizPower. It owns and operates the 360-MW Magat Hydroelectric Power Plant at the border of Isabela and Ifugao, as well as the 105-MW Ambuklao Hydroelectric Power Plant and the 140-MW Binga Hydroelectric Power Plant in the province of Benguet. #
