---
slugID: 11
layout: post
title: "SNAP-Benguet Receives Regional Industrial Peace Award"
date:   2015-09-30 
cover: "https://res.cloudinary.com/snapcloud/image/upload/news/2015/2015-11-snap.jpg"

---
Receiving for SNAP-Benguet is Kaibigan Committee head Ms. Rosalyn White (center, front row) and Community Relations Sr. Specialist Ramon Capsula (holding plaque). Also joing them were members of the Kaibigan Committee and NCMB OIC-Exec. Director, Shirley M. Pascual, outgoing Regional Branch Director, Lourdes P. Estioco, incoming Regional Branch Director, Gil G. Caragayan and NMCB partner CALMACAVAR officers headed by Lilibeth B. Manno of Hedcor.


The National Conciliation & Mediation Board-Cordillera Administrative Region (NCMB-CAR) conferred on SN Aboitiz Power-Benguet, Inc. (SNAP-Benguet) the 2015 Regional Award for Outstanding Labor-Management Cooperation (LMC) for Industrial Peace on September 7 at Baguio City.


SNAP-Benguet was recognized as a promising LMC practitioner under "the unorganized category" for its ‘Kaibigan Committee,’ a group composed of representatives across departments and organizational levels promoting collaborative action on corporate targets and employee programs -- from mobilizing support for rehabilitation projects to generating volunteers for community outreach. The award "acclaims well-established LMCs that have enhanced labor-management relations, job satisfaction, quality, profitability and productivity." SNAP-Benguet also made it to the short list of national nominees due for awarding in October.


SNAP-Benguet owns and operates the 105-megawatt Ambuklao Hydroelectric Power Plant (HEPP) in Bokod and the 125-MW Binga HEPP in Itogon. It is a joint venture between SN Power and AboitizPower. #