---
year: 2015
slugID: 13
layout: post
title: "SNAP-Magat Delivers Relief Supplies for Typhoon-Ravaged Barangays"
date:   2015-09-30 
cover: "https://res.cloudinary.com/snapcloud/image/upload/news/2015/2015-13-snap.jpg"

---
Management members and volunteers from SNAP-Magat distributed close to a thousand relief packs to barangays affected by Typhoon Lando.


The relief packs, containing rice, canned goods, instant noodles, powdered milk and bottled water,  benefited 509 residents of Barangays Malalam and 411 residents of Cabisera 8 in Ilagan, Isabela.
 
 
The relief distribution was held on October 26, 2015. A total of 1,169 relief packs were prepared by SNAP-Magat by volunteer employees and plant personnel and were funded through its corporate social responsibility program.  


These were formally turned over to the Provincial Social Welfare and Development Office (PSWDO) of Isabela prior to the distribution to the two barangays. PSWDO Chief Lucila Ambatali and Provincial Administrator Atty. Noel Manuel Lopez acknowledged SNAP-Magat's assistance formally during the flag-raising ceremony on Monday. Attending for SNAP-Magat were Plant Manager AVP & Plant Manager Willy Ferrer, Sr. Operations Manager Ed Bundalian, Sr. Safety Manager Eli Ingles and Sr. Supervisor for Communiry Relations Veronica Adsuara. Also present were volunteers Dulce Olivas, Jerry Baniqued, Cheryl Ragsac, Edgar Gorospe, Emiliano Cortez, Mario Pinera, and Kristine Gay Farinas.


The remaining packs will be distributed by PSWDO to Barangay Tangcud also in Ilagan, Isabela.


SNAP-Magat is a joint venture between SN Power and AboitizPower. It owns and operates the 360-megawatt Magat Hydroelectric Power Plant at the border of Isabela and Ifugao. #