---
slugID: 19
layout: post
title: "SNAP forms monitoring team for Magat South Canal Power project"
date:   2016-04-25 


---
SN Aboitiz Power-Magat (SNAP-Magat) has formed the Multipartite Monitoring Team (MMT) of the Maris South Canal (MSC) Hydroelectric Power Plant as an environmental requirement for the power project.


The MMT was formalized in a two-day meeting held on April 6 and 7 in Isabela. It is a requirement of the Environmental Compliance Certificate (ECC) for SNAP-Magat’s ongoing construction of the 8.5-megawatt hydroelectric power plant along the Maris Main (South) Canal in Ramon, Isabela.


MSC Hydroelectric Power Plant will be developed by SNAP-Magat as a run-of-river plant. It aims to generate additional electricity for the Luzon grid by utilizing the irrigation flow from Maris Reservoir into Maris Main (South) Diversion Canal. The project is expected to be completed in November 2017, with an estimated project cost of USD 47.1 million. It is also covered by a memorandum of agreement with the National Irrigation Administration, the government agency that owns and operates Magat dam and Maris re-regulating dam.


The plant will use the same irrigation water that is released from the Maris Reservoir for the Maris Main (South) Diversion Canal and will not affect the current irrigation water supply.


The MMT is composed of 11 members from SNAP-Magat, DENR-EMB Region 2, Department of Agriculture Region 2, Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources Region 2, Environment and Natural Resources Office (ENRO) of the Provincial Government of Isabela, National Irrigation Administration-Magat River Integrated Irrigation System (NIA-MARIIS), CENRO-San Isidro, BLGU of Ambatali, MLGU of Ramon, Ambatali Elementary School and RamCor, the Council of Irrigators’ Association.


As part of its general responsibility, the MMT has conducted its first ocular inspection at the project site in Brgy. Ambatali, Ramon, Isabela.


SNAP-Magat also owns and operates the 360-MW Magat HEPP at the border of Isabela and Ifugao. It is a joint venture of SN Power of Norway and AboitizPower.