---
slugID: 35
layout: post
title: "SNAP Holds Brigada Eskwela in November"
date:   2016-12-06 
cover: "https://res.cloudinary.com/snapcloud/image/upload/news/default-news.jpg"

---
SN Aboitiz Power-Magat (SNAP-Magat) responded to the call of the province of Isabela to render bayanihan (communal unity) work on November 25 for schools hit by Typhoon Lawin


A SNAP-Magat team totaling 21 members composed of plant employees from support services & maintenance, trainees, and outsourced service personnel trooped to Isabela Sports High School (ISHS) in Alibagu, Ilagan. They rendered carpentry work such as reinstallation of blackboards and repair of cabinets; electrical works; cleaning of laboratory materials and equipment; and grass cutting at the school grounds.


In October, super typhoon Lawin hit sabela and Cagayan areas, causing huge damages in agriculture and infrastructure including houses and school buildings.


The PLGU of Isabela declared November 25 as "Brigada Eskwela Day" (school brigade) as a way of rehabilitating damaged schools and protecting school children from the risks posed by typhoon-ravaged buildings. The Brigada Eskwela is usually held every June as a preparation for the school opening.


Other volunteers included representatives from the Provincial Information Office, persons with disabilities of Cauayan, Isabela, Bureau of Fire Protection, students from Honorato Guzman Baquiran College in Tumauini and Our Lady of the Pillar College, Cauayan; and teaching staff and management of ISHS. The school rehabilitation will benefit 200 students and 11 teachers of the ISHS.


SNAP-Magat is a member of the Isabela Provincial Disaster Risk Reduction Management Council. It is a joint venture of SN Power of Norway and AboitizPower, and is the owner and operator of the 360-megawatt Magat Hydroeletric Power Plant at the border of Isabela and Ifugao.