---
slugID: 27
layout: post
title: "Alfonso Lista Receives Ambulance from SNAP-Magat"
date:   2016-07-15 
cover: "https://res.cloudinary.com/snapcloud/image/upload/news/2016/2016-13-snap.jpg"

---
SNAP EVP and COO Joseph Yu leads the team during the turnover ceremony in A. Lista with local officials.


SN Aboitiz Power-Magat turned over a 4x4 ambulance with basic emergency equipment to the municipality of Alfonso Lista on July 7, after company executives paid a courtesy call to the municipality’s newly elected officials. Present during the ceremony were Mayor Glenn Prudenciano, Vice Mayor Joseph Angowan, and the six Sangguniang Bayan Members. SNAP Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Joseph Yu, Chief Corporate Services Officer Mike Hosillos, and SNAP-Magat Assistant Vice President and Plant Manager Willy Ferrer led the group during the turnover ceremony. 


A memorandum of agreement between SNAP-Magat and Alfonso Lista was signed during the program. Also in attendance were Sustainability Sr. Manager Vitti Valenzuela, O&M Sr. Manager Ed Bundalian, Community Relations Sr. Supervisor Ness Adsuara, and Plant Support Services Manager Cynthia Calixto.


The host community requested a 4x4 ambulance service because their current ambulance could not access roads going to remote barangays, especially during the rainy season. According to officials, the new ambulance provided by SNAP-Magat will be used to rescue residents in cases of emergency, especially in bad weather conditions. This will also be used to transfer patients who are in need of medical treatment to bigger hospitals in nearby municipalities or Manila. This project will benefit a total of 30,123 residents from 20 barangays in Alfonso Lista. 


SN Aboitiz Power-Magat is a joint venture between SN Power of Norway and AboitizPower.