---
year: 2016
slugID: 34
layout: post
title: "SNAP-Benguet Wins Big in National Health and Safety Awards"
date:   2016-12-05 
cover: "https://res.cloudinary.com/snapcloud/image/upload/news/2016/2016-18-snap.jpg"

---
SNAP EVP and COO Joseph Yu (4th from left) leads the SNAP-Benguet team that received the Silver award in the industry category, together with Gold individual category winner SHESQ Sr. Manager Hollis Fernandez (5th from left).


SN Aboitiz Power-Benguet’s Ambuklao and Binga Hydroelectric Power Plants received the Silver Award in the industry category of National Gawad Kaligtasan at Kalusugan (GKK) held by the Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE) on November 18. SNAP-Benguet Sr. Manager for SHESQ Hollis Fernandez also received the Gold Award for the individual category.


The annual awards are given by the DOLE in recognition of outstanding achievements of establishments and individuals in responding to safety and health needs of workers, workplaces and communities. This is the third straight year that SNAP-Benguet has been recognized in the GKK awards.


Representing SNAP-Benguet during the awarding were SNAP Group AVP SHESQ Nomer Reynaldo, CTO Manny Lopez, Ambuklao Sr. SHES Specialist Cliff Dailay, COO Joseph Yu, Hollis Fernandez, Sr. Operations Manager Jo Lachica, OIC-Plant Manager Fernan Tongco, and Binga Sr. SHES Specialist Jessie Palma.


Earlier this year, SNAP-Benguet received three regional GKK awards that qualified them for the national awards. Among the programs implemented by SNAP-Benguet are the Behavior-Based Safety and the moving water rescue training for community emergency volunteers.
