---
slugID: 24
layout: post
title: "SNAP-BENGUET, NPC, PSALM CONDUCT PUBLIC INFO DRIVE ON DAM OPERATIONS"
date:   2016-06-22 
cover: "https://res.cloudinary.com/snapcloud/image/upload/news/2016/2016-05-22.jpg"

---
The technical working group from SNAP-Benguet, NPC, and PSALM with LGU officials at the public information drive in barangay Tinongdan, Itogon, Benguet.


SN Aboitiz Power-Benguet, the National Power Corporation (NPC), and the Power Sector Assets and Liabilities Management Corporation (PSALM) held the annual public information drive on the Ambuklao and Binga Dams and Reservoir Operations on June 14 to 16. The info drive, now on its fourth year, notifies LGUs and residents of communities downstream of Ambuklao and Binga about the annual spillway gate reliability testing conducted by SNAP-Benguet, NPC, and PSALM. Representatives from all three organizations discuss the different components of dam operations, including safety, flood forecasting and warning, and SNAP’s emergency action plan. This is part of the group’s safety consciousness campaign to better prepare the Ambuklao and Binga communities for emergencies.


SNAP-Benguet, NPC, and PSALM are part of a technical working group that ensures the safe and reliable operations of the Ambuklao and Binga dams. The dams remain government-owned while the hydropower plants are operated by SNAP-Benguet.


The PID, attended by around 300 community members, was held in barangays Dalupirip and Tinongdan in Itogon and barangay Ambuklao in Bokod. This year’s spillway gate reliability testing is on July 25 to 29. #