---
year: 2017
slugID: 38
layout: post
title: "SNAP Brings Holiday Cheer to over 1,200 Kids"
date:   2017-01-07 
cover: "https://res.cloudinary.com/snapcloud/image/upload/news/2017/2017-1-snap.jpg"

---
SNAP and SN Power officers and executives distribute lunch boxes in Gen. Aguinaldo Elementary School in Ramon, Isabela.


Christmas is undeniably a time for generosity. At the end of each year, SN Aboitiz Power Group distributes gifts to school children in their host communities in Benguet, Isabela, and Ifugao both as a Christmas tradition and as part of its corporate citizenship.


In Ambuklao, three hundred nineteen (319) elementary school pupils received lunch boxes from SNAP-Benguet’s gift-giving activity on December 15, led by Chief Operating Officer Joseph Yu, Chief Technology Officer Manny Lopez & OIC-Plant Manager Fernan Tongco. Students from Binga and Botic elementary schools also received their share on December 20 and December 21, respectively. The lunch boxes came with The Care Package, high energy biscuits by Pilmico, the food subsidiary of Aboitiz Equity Ventures. The biscuits contain 450 kilocalories and essential vitamins and nutrients, equivalent to one full meal.


Similar lunch boxes and Care Package biscuits were also distributed on December 14 to 726 students of Gen. Aguinaldo Elementary School in Ramon, Isabela – host of Magat hydro. COO Joseph Yu led the distribution of gifts, accompanied by CTO Manny Lopez, AVP HR & Admin Landoy Zamora and guests from SNAP’s parent company SN Power: Tor Stokke, Philippines country director, Jan Cederwall, Director of Project Development for Nordic Power and their respective spouses. Three hundred seventeen (317) students from Sto. Domingo Elementary School in Alfonso Lista, Ifugao also received their gifts on December 19 during a school visit led by Magat Plant Manager and AVP Willy Ferrer.


On December 16, 120 school children of Calimag Elementary School in Alfonso Lista, Ifugao received slippers, hygiene kits and some sweet treats as part of the “Tsinelas Project,” an annual outreach program initiated by SNAP-Magat Sr. Operations Manager Ed Bundalian and funded by employee donations.


SNAP’s Taguig-based employees joined the annual Aboitiz Christmas Outreach on December 3, which benefited 250 children. The activity was held at Brgy. Central Signal Village gym in Taguig.


SNAP Group is a joint venture between SN Power and AboitizPower. It owns and operates the 360-MW Magat Hydroelectric Power Plant on the border of Isabela and Ifugao, as well as the 105-MW Ambuklao Hydroelectric Power Plant and the 140-MW Binga Hydroelectric Power Plant in the province of Benguet.
