---
year: 2017
slugID: 44
layout: post
title: "SN Aboitiz Power Group Joins Brigada Eskwela"
date:   2017-05-31
cover: "http://res.cloudinary.com/snapcloud/image/upload/v1503565603/SNAP_Group_without_slogan_full_color_iwloww.png"
---
The Aboitiz Group brought together 1,500 team members from 24 business units
for its annual Brigada Eskwela activity. SN Aboitiz Power Group fielded a total of 116 volunteers across eight schools in Taguig, Metro Manila; Ramon, Isabela; Alfonso Lista, Ifugao; Diadi, Nueva Vizcaya; and Bokod and Itogon, Benguet, from May 13 to 23.

Volunteers, composed of employees, contractors, and community members repainted classrooms, cleaned and repaired school premises, and donated painting equipment, bags of cement and roofing materials. SNAP’s Brigada Eskwela activities benefited eight schools: Ramon Central School, General Aguinaldo Elementary School, General Aguinaldo High School, Sto. Domingo Elementary School, Diadi National High School, Ambuklao Elementary School, Binga Elementary School, and Upper Bicutan Elementary School.   

In Gen. Aguinaldo Elementary School in Ramon, Isabela, SNAP-Magat donated roofing materials for the completion of the school’s Home Economics room and laboratory, while in Diadi High School in Nueva Vizcaya, the company donated 50 bags of cement for the concreting of a 30-meter pathway in the school. At Binga Elementary School in Itogon, volunteers from SNAP-Benguet cemented the school grounds in addition to painted desks and armchairs. 

This year’s theme was ‘Isang DepEd, Isang Pamayanan, Isang Bayanihan Para sa Handa at Ligtas na Paaralan.’ SNAP supports and participates in the DepEd’s Brigada Eskwela as part of its corporate social responsibility program. 

SNAP Group is a joint venture between SN Power and AboitizPower. It owns and operates the Magat Hydroelectric Power Plant with a nameplate capacity of 360 megawatts (MW) located on the border of Isabela and Ifugao, as well as the 105-MW Ambuklao Hydroelectric Power Plant and the 140-MW Binga Hydroelectric Power Plant in the province of Benguet.
